GAME ADDED TOGETHER

Baseball and Basketball - BASEketball Rules:
Two teams go head to head to shoot hoops with similar playing field as in baseball. Attacking team shoots hoops while the defending team tries to 'pysch out' the opposition and claim any rebounds. Shooting at different distances awards similarly to running at different bases and a home run.

Baseball and Football - Bas-ooball Rules:
Has the playing field of Baseball, (the right angle batting field) but the ball is football sized and the batter has to kick the ball within the lines and run around the bases to get a home run During this the Defense has to use the combination of dribbling and passing to team members to get the ball to a base. The Batter will have team members try to regain possession of the ball while the batter is running. If the attacking team regain possession and keep control of the ball while the batter is running they gain half a home run as well as the home run. If Defense gain back control and the ball is back at the base before the runner, the runner is out and no points scored. Half a point for getting safely to 2nd base a point for getting a home run a point and a half for getting a home run and keeping possession of the ball

Baseball and Rugby - Basby Rules:
Has the playing field of Baseball but on the size of a rugby one but the ball is rugby sized and the batter has to kick the ball within the lines and run around the bases to get a home run. Bases would have a lot more space in between to allow for time and ball being physically possible to come back. During this the Defense has to use the combination of passing behind them and rucking over team members to get the ball to a base. The Batter will have team members try to regain possession of the ball while the batter is running. If the attacking team regain possession and keep control of the ball while the batter is running they gain half a home run as well as the home run. If Defense gain back control and the ball is back at the base before the runner, the runner is out and no points scored. Half a point for getting safely to 2nd base, a point for getting a home run, a point and a half for getting a home run and keeping possession of the ball

Basketball and Football - Footsketball Rules:
Played on a field inbetween the size of a basketball court and football pitch - goals at either end but are hoops. Both teams dribble and pass the ball across the field but when attacking team is in the shooting area, they have to catch the ball from a pass and are able to throw it to a team member who must kick it in the goal. The same players are only allowed to be in shooting area for 3 seconds but can hop in and out. 

Basketball and Rugby - Rugketball
Would be played on a Basketball court but players would have to pass the ball backwards. Still be able to dribble forward with the ball. Once a team is on defence and in their own half, they are allowed to rugby tackle to the attackers. To score teams can still shoot baskets like normal, and under a timer but there is a small gate underneath the backboard where the attacking team and place the ball on the floor to gain a point and not give away possession without scoring any points.

Basketball and Volleyball - Volsketball - Rules:
Played like basketball with a Volley ball but the ball can't touch the floor. If so the team who touched it last, lose possession of the ball. Still have the same scoring system as it basketball and can't hold the ball for more than 3 seconds. 

Cricket and Football - FootCricket Rules:
Teams take it in turns to bat but instead of a bat, the batter uses their feet to kick a ball that is shaped as a football. Same rules apply, the batting team have to run in between the batting crease for as many runs, up to 4. If the ball has made contact with the ground before exceeding the playing area, the batting team score 4 points but if there is no contact with the ground. The batting team score 6 points. The fielding team has to bowl by kicking the ball by side footing it to the batter. They can get run outs by kicking the ball into the wickets. Scoring and wicket system is the same as cricket but you just score points not runs. The only time a fielding player can catch the ball is if they are trying to catch out the batter or if the player is the wicketkeeper.

Football and Golf - FootGolf Rules:
Players take it in turns to kick a football around a course and try to kick in the pin. Players must kick from on the floor and can not pick up the ball. If they do it will result in the shot count being increased. Players will be aiming to complete the course as little shots as possible - to keep under par

Football and Rugby - Rugoot Rules:
Played on a rugby pitch but with football goals at each end for conversions and still allows for try's. The attacking team have to select a player to take a penalty. The defending team assign one of their defenders as a temporary goalie but every penalty a new kicker and goalie have to be assigned. Teams can choose to approach the try zone by either kicking the ball on the ground or throwing it to teammates but can only do one. If the attacking decide to attack by playing football then football rules apply and vice versa with rugby. The defending team has to comply with whichever rules the attack style the attacking team choose. If the attacking team decides football, they have to flick the ball up to another team mate in the try zone.  

Football and Table Tennis - Table footnis Rules:
Like table tennis, have a much bigger table with a net and allow for a slightly softer football to be bounced on the table. The max players for this would be 4, 2 on each team. Like in football, players can use the majority of their body to get the ball over the next and bounce on the other side of the opponent's side. These are: feet, thighs, chest, shoulder and head. If the ball strikes below the shoulder accidentally, the point is played for again but if the player hits the ball on purpose the point is awarded to the opposite team. The ball is allowed only one bounce on the table and can have as many touches as the players need to play a good return shot. Scoring would be the same as table tennis and would need a net big enough to stop the ball.

*For Footnis
Similar to Table footnis but play on a tennis court and allow for one bounce to be able to control and return a shot.

*For Voll-ootball
Similar to Table footnis but play on a Volleyball court and deny any bounce to be allowed in play making it similar to
volleyball.

Football and Tennis - Footnis Rules:
*instructed the user to see Football and Table Tennis

Football and Volleyball - Voll-ootball Rules: 
*instructed the user to see Football and Table Tennis

Tennis and Volleyball (Badminton with beach ball) - Yolnnisball Rules:
Net is in the middle of the playing area, players have rackets and have to hit a softer ball over the net. Scoring would be single points up to 5 to score a set but teams must win by two points to score a set. The net would be from the ground to hip height and once the ball touches the floor, the point is awarded. Serving would take place on the edge of the playing area like in both sports

UNDER MAINTENANCE

B̶a̶s̶e̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ G̶o̶l̶f̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶e̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶e̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ V̶o̶l̶l̶e̶y̶b̶a̶l̶l̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶k̶e̶t̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶k̶e̶t̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ G̶o̶l̶f̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶k̶e̶t̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

B̶a̶s̶k̶e̶t̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ G̶o̶l̶f̶  in the works

C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ R̶u̶g̶b̶y̶  in the works

C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works 

C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶ a̶n̶d̶ V̶o̶l̶l̶e̶y̶b̶a̶l̶l̶  in the works

G̶o̶l̶f̶ a̶n̶d̶ R̶u̶g̶b̶y̶  in the works

G̶o̶l̶f̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works 

G̶o̶l̶f̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

G̶o̶l̶f̶ a̶n̶d̶ V̶o̶l̶l̶e̶y̶b̶a̶l̶l̶  in the works

R̶u̶g̶b̶y̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

R̶u̶g̶b̶y̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  in the works

R̶u̶g̶b̶y̶ a̶n̶d̶ V̶o̶l̶l̶e̶y̶b̶a̶l̶l̶  in the works 

SPORTS TOO SIMILAR 

B̶a̶s̶e̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ C̶r̶i̶c̶k̶e̶t̶  - to similar

T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶  both sports are too similar

T̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶ A̶n̶d̶ V̶o̶l̶l̶e̶y̶b̶a̶l̶l̶  the playstyle is too similar

B̶a̶s̶e̶b̶a̶l̶l̶ a̶n̶d̶ T̶e̶n̶n̶i̶s̶- the scoring system is too similar